#A structural overview and TODO list.

= Components =

== Main Window and UI ==

*Responsibilities:*
  * Manage other components
  * look good 

*TODO:*
  * Add a matrix tool (nr cols/rows, name, left right, top, bottom delimiter, math nodes etc.)
  
=== Code editor (avalonedit) ===
*TODO:*

== TikzDisplay ==
*TODO*
  * check mupdf licensing and deploy mudraw correctly
  * maybe add option to choose between pdflibnet and mudraw rendering

== Rasterizer ==
*TODO*

== TikzParser ==
*TODO*

=== Tikz ParseTree ===
  * really fix issue 22, i.e., handle relative namedcoordinates correctly.

== PdfOverlay ==
*TODO*
  * It seems that after undo the tool states are not reset

=== Snippetmanager ===
*TODO*
  * support using several snippet files, maybe with an external editor, to allow for users retaining their custom snippets and still be able to update the predefined library.

=== TexCompiler ===
*TODO*

== Deployment ==
*TODO*
  * Test file associations

== Usability ==
*TODO*

=== Misc ===
*TODO*
  * create all icons of correct size
  * wforms version parser error mark overlay
  * Inport settings etc. from previous version

=== Vague things ===
  * improve workflow
  * Improve documentation
  * solution for different paths
  * add more snippets

=== Linux issues ===
  * mac version
  * middle button pan
  * right button deselect not always working


=== For later ===
*TODO*
  * change rendering mode built in <--> external,... allow to specify ext. program
  * Move snippet compilation display to VM and check abort is handled correctly
  * Updatechecker: Mind the separate versions!!!
  * Allow to set resolution before exporting file.
  * outsorce (and publish) code completions as separate lib
  * pdflatex hangs sometimes (??how to reproduce??)(pdf file access problem?)
  * crisp toolbar bitmaps (no aliasing) (solution unknown)
  * "add as new snippet" command
  * support multiple tikzpictures
  * support tikzpictures anywhere on page (using http://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/10343/determining-the-position-of-a-box-e-g-on-a-page)
  * better error recovery: if error on \path is detected-> just drop this path instead of stopping parsing of whole file.
  * 3d support? (=ignore it automatically)
  * check math expressions in arc are handled correctly